ESSAY: 

1) Write out the definition for each of the following terms in your own words: 

Bandwidth 
Code 
CSS 
DNS
Domain
Download 
Host (Hosting) 
HTML
HTTP
Markup language
Mainframe 
Online 
Search engine 
Server 
URL 
Web browser 
Webpage 
Website 
World Wide Web (www.)

2) What is the difference between the Internet and the World Wide Web?

Bandwidth: A term used to describe how quickly information can be transferred from one computer to another.

Code: Another word for instructions given to a computer, used to make programs.

CSS: (cascading style sheet) A language used to tell your computer how to style HTML files. It's cascading because one CSS file can be applied to many HTML files.

DNS:(domain name system) The system used on the internet to convert domain names into numbers used by computers.

Domain: The unique address or location of a webpage on the internet.

Download: To retrieve data from another computer over the internet.

Host: A server (computer) that stores the data for a website and sends it out when requested.

HTML:(hypertext markup language) The language used to tell a web-browser how to structure and display the information on a webpage.

HTTP:(hypertext transfer protocol) The system used to define how information should be sent so computers on the receiving end know how to translate the data.

Markup Language: Notes describing how information should be structured and displayed.

Mainframe: A extremely powerful computer than can handle requests from many many computers or terminals.

Online: To be connected to or part of the internet.

Search Engine: A program used to make it easier to find information within the World Wide Web.

Webpage: A single page or document/file on the World Wide Web.

Website: A collection of one or many webpages within a domain on the World Wide Web.

World Wide Web:(www) All the websites and information stored on the internet.

What is the difference between the Internet and the World Wide Web?
The internet is the physical hardware and connections that all the information is stored on and transferred though. 
The World Wide Web is the virtual locations and information.

-Brian Miller
