ESSAY: 

Write the definition for each of the following terms in your own words:

Array
ASP.NET
Assembly language
Back end
BASIC
C
C#
C++
High level language
Low level language
Compiler
Interpreter
Front end
Java
JavaScript
JQuery
JSON
Load
Load Testing
Object-oriented programming
Scripting language

Array: A group of similar things stored together in a line.

ASP.NET: (Active Server Pages.Net) A framework for making complex or dynamic web sites.

Assembly Language: The code programmers use to write software.

Back End: All the things happening in the background on your computer that you don't see.

BASIC: (Beginner's All-purpose Symbolic Instruction Code) A programming language developed in the 1960s to give students a simple programming language to work with.

C: A lower level programming language first developed between 1969 and 1973.

C#: A programming language developed by Microsoft that can be used to make precise steps of instructions for the computer.

C++: A programming language made in the 1980s that can be used in conjunction with other programming languages.

High level language: A programming language that is made to be better understood by humans than computers.

Low level language: A programming language that is made to be better understood by computers than humans.

Compiler: A program that takes assembly language and turns it into machine language for the computer.

Interpreter: A program that turns high level language instructions into low level language instructions one step at a time.

Front end: All the things in your computer that you see and interact with like the screen.

Java: A programming language made in 1995 that was simplified to help programmers with common errors.

JavaScript: A programming language often used to make websites interactive.

JQuery: A library of functions written for JavaScript.

Load: When a computer starts a program.

Load Testing: Simulating a stress test for a program.

Object-oriented Programming: Programming that centers around the objects in the program and their attributes.

Scripting Language: A programming language that can be used to make automatic functions for a computer.

-Brian Miller
